fix(user type): rewording 'override' wording (#13903)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-type.mdx

Want to learn about how users are calculated for billing purposes? See [New Relic pricing](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing). If you haven't already, be sure to [sign up for a New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup). It's free, forever.

## What is the user type? [#user-type-defined]

A New Relic user's **user type** determines the maximum set of New Relic capabilities they can access. The user type is meant to be a fairly long-term setting based on a user's expected responsibilities over the next several months or longer. 

> What user type to make a user is mainly a billing-related decision. Core users and full platform users are billable, while basic users are not. It is a matter of how much value an organization expects to get out of a team member's use of New Relic. (For details on billing, see [User billing](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/user-count-billing).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choosing a user's user type is mainly a billing-related decision. Core users and full platform users are billable, while basic users are not. It is a matter of how much value an organization expects to get out of a team member's use of New Relic. (For details on billing, see [User billing](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/user-count-billing).)
```
